I am hyped about this basically for the speed of ranking on Google for your brand. When people search your brand, you want good things to show up on Google about your brand. And this is what you do. By the way, I got to I got to credit Jesper Nissan for this who made a video about this video is called I ranked number one in five hours with AI parasite SEO. And I'm trying it right now. Literally, I I did a bunch of these things right before recording this and I'm really hyped. This is what it is. All right. So, literally, you just copy your entire landing page. Hopefully, you have a lot of reviews and testimonials on your landing page. Just copy everything on your landing page, all your marketing material about your product and as many testimonials, as many reviews as you can get. Copy it all. Paste it into Claude. Then give Claude a prompt like, "This is the homepage of my product. I want you to write a thorough article about why my product is great, why it is proven, why it is trustworthy, why it's reputable, why it's why it's the best, whatever category you're in, and something like that. You say prompt like that. Claude will make what is called an artifact. Basically, an artifact, it's a standalone piece of content. It could be code that claude will go back and edit and change when you when you say change this, change this and and individual parts of it get changed rather than the whole thing being regenerated. It's an easy way to describe it. But you can also publish your art artifacts. When you have an artifact made, there is a big publish button for the artifact. When you click publish, this is what it says. It says, "Publishing this artifact will make it accessible to anyone on the internet and potentially visible in search engine results. Your chat will remain private." Claude has a 66 out of 100 domain authority and these artifacts do not live on unique subdomains which have weaker SEO compared to the root domain. A subdomain is app.youebsite.com. The strongest SEO comes from subfolders. And the URL for these it's claude.ai slpublic slartifacts and then a unique path a unique identifier. So what is actually happening with these published artifacts is they are ranking on Google for the brand names. When you have Claude write a thorough article about your brand with all the the good things about it that you gave it. Claude will write a really, really good article about why your brand is great, why it's reputable, why it's trustworthy, why it gets results, and these artifacts will show up really, really, really fast. This guy, Jesper, said in 5 hours, and there's this top comment in this YouTube video, the title isn't clickbait. It's not a meme. It's not exaggerated. I was able to do the same thing by following the info in this video. I tried with a local SEO site and with very little effort have pushed competitors off of page one and replaced them with my claude articles. Are you hearing this? This is crazy. It's nice getting info on something like this early when it is still super effective. So, shout out Jasper for sharing this. This is crazy. And apparently this is also working for low volume non-competitive keywords as well. And there's a lot of those. You know, here's here's a really solid strategy for this. Let's say you're doing bottom offunnel SEO. The best way to do bottomunnel SEO is to actually make standalone pages on your site. That's the best way to do it. But in order to do that, it's going to take a day or two. Still way better than the normal week plus that it takes to make a long top offunnel article. That's it's still well it's still way better like if you're doing the skyscraper technique but you know what if you just want a placeholder as you make the bottom of funnel content what you do is you have your keyword you say to Claude this is my target keyword and then you say this is my brand you give it all the the marketing materials for your brand the testimonials the reviews the homepage copy literally just copy all it is okay if you copy the navigation and the footer paste everything say to cloud this this is my bottom ofunnel keyword. Write a thorough landing page for why my brand is the best solution for this bottom offunnel keyword. And then Claude's going to write it's going to write that artifact. Read it over or not. It's up to you. I mean Claude's going to have all of your marketing materials. It's going to do something great. And then you click publish. And now this is up there on Google while you're making the actual page for this. The thing is it takes under five minutes to do this and for local especially because local is so for a lot of for a lot of niches local can be very very non-competitive. It can be very very easy. In fact, I talked uh on a different episode of this show about how great Reddit parasite SEO was for local because you go to these local subreddits and the mods are asleep or the rules are really lax. you're able to to link to things in your post or in your comment on the these local subreddits where on bigger subreddits that's not that's not allowed. On bigger subreddits that's not allowed or the mods are really sharp. They prevent parasite SEO. But with local subreddits doing parasite SEO for a local business. Super super super easy. Also really really common. That episode is called if you want to listen to it. It's a good one. It's called Local Subreddits Are Open for Parasite SEO. And that's episode 642 of this podcast. So, it's the same thing with these artifacts. The keywords are non-competitive. Really, really easy. It's so fast to actually do this to to to just copy and paste all the marketing materials into Claude. In fact, what you should do is you should just have them all in a document to make it really easy for yourself. Testimonials, reviews, all of this stuff. And then to to prompt Claude and have what what you want made. It's so easy to do this under takes under 5 seconds. Honestly, it's so easy. You kind of can't afford not to do this. You also may have to share your artifact with some people and get them to click on it because clicks help URLs get indexed by Google. I'm just shocked at how well this seems to be working for people. I'm really excited for my own experiments and I'm going to share them on this podcast. I did it under an hour ago, so I guess I have four more hours to wait. But I got so hyped about this that that's what I wanted to share with you on this episode of the show. This is episode 788 of my daily digital marketing podcast. 788 days in a row. You know, I'm just constantly hearing new and interesting things about SEO. And that's why I have this show because I get to share SEO, digital marketing, social media marketing, a lot of SEO. and I hear these things and I was just like, "Wa, this is crazy. I can't I can't wait to share this." So, shout out Jesper. Jesper's video is going to be in the description for this episode. And that's all that I got for you on this episode of the show. If you're spending years doing search engine optimization and want to jumpstart the best form of SEO, the form of SEO that actually gets results, not the skyscraper technique that is made for cold searchers who don't want to convert, who don't want to take action on your brand. If you want the form of SEO that is faster, cheaper, easier, more straightforward, and directly targets people looking to take action with your brand, that is my method, compact keywords. You can get that at compactkeywords.com. Thank you so much for watching. Thank you so much for listening. I will talk to you again tomorrow. Bye now.